Update Nginx URLs on HTML5 integration page (#14698)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/html5.markdown

* Your Home Assistant instance is accessible from outside your network over HTTPS or can perform an alternative [Domain Name Verification Method](https://support.google.com/webmasters/answer/9008080#domain_name_verification) on the domain used by Home Assistant.
* If using a proxy, HTTP basic authentication must be off for registering or unregistering for push notifications. It can be re-enabled afterwards.
* If you don't run Hass.io: `pywebpush` must be installed. `libffi-dev`, `libpython-dev` and `libssl-dev` must be installed prior to `pywebpush` (i.e., `pywebpush` probably won't automatically install).

> * You have configured SSL/TLS for your Home Assistant. It doesn't need to be configured in Home Assistant though, e.g., you can be running [NGINX](/docs/ecosystem/nginx/) in front of Home Assistant and this will still work. The certificate must be trustworthy (i.e., not self signed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have configured SSL/TLS for your Home Assistant. It doesn't need to be configured in Home Assistant though, e.g., you can be running NGINX in front of Home Assistant and this will still work. The certificate must be trustworthy (i.e., not self-signed).
```

### Making notifications work with NGINX proxy

> If you use [NGINX](/docs/ecosystem/nginx/) as a proxy with authentication in front of your Home Assistant instance, you may have trouble with receiving events back to Home Assistant. It's because of authentication token that cannot be passed through the proxy.

Reviewer: Let's remove the link, as it is not part of our documentation anymore. Furthermore, this would apply to any NGINX reverse proxy set up, not just the one we used to document.

```suggestion
If you use NGINX as a proxy with authentication in front of your Home Assistant instance, you may have trouble with receiving events back to Home Assistant. It's because of an authentication token that cannot be passed through the proxy.
```
